Update: header element (#19479)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/header/index.md

## Usage notes

> The `<header>` element has an identical meaning to the site-wide[`banner` landmark role](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/banner_role), unless nested within sectioning content. Then, the `<header>` element is not a landmark. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<header>` element has an identical meaning to the site-wide [`banner`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/banner_role) landmark role, unless nested within sectioning content. Then, the `<header>` element is not a landmark. 
```

> The `<header>` can define a global site header, or `banner`, which usually includes a logo, company name, search feature, and possibly the global navigation or a slogan. It is generally located at the top of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<header>` element can define a global site header, described as a `banner` in the accessibility tree. It usually includes a logo, company name, search feature, and possibly the global navigation or a slogan. It is generally located at the top of the page.
```
